Feat/update er docs (#645)
pyth-network/documentation: pages/express-relay/integrate-as-protocol/swaps.mdx

### Submit User Signature to the Express Relay Server

Once you show the quote to the user, the user should sign the transaction if they wish to engage in the swap. The frontend can pass this signature along to the Express Relay server, which will handle aggregating all the required signatures for the transaction and submitting it to the RPC node.

Below is an example showing how the frontend can submit the signed quote transaction to the server using the [`submitQuote`](https://github.com/pyth-network/per/blob/358eedc1f9072cdfc3418fba309697580f2474f9/sdk/js/src/index.ts#L537-L542) method. The response from the `getQuote` method includes a field called `referenceId`, which the frontend should use in its submission of the user signature.

```typescript
const submitQuote = {
  chainId: "solana",
  referenceId: quote.referenceId,
  userSignature: signature,
};

const txSubmitted = await client.submitQuote(submitQuote);
```

> As can be seen, this will return the fully signed transaction that the server submitted to the RPC node to land on chain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This returns the fully signed transaction that the server submitted to the RPC node to land on chain.
```

Reviewer: Or we can write "This returns the fully signed transaction that the server submitted to the RPC node."

</Steps>

## Additional Resources

You may find these additional resources helpful for integrating Express Relay as a frontend.

> ### Contract Address

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Contract Addresses
```

> The [SVM](../contract-addresses/svm.mdx) Contract Addresses pages list the relevant addresses for Express Relay integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [SVM](../contract-addresses/svm.mdx) Contract Addresses page lists the relevant addresses for Express Relay integration.
```
